bengali:
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/naurosromim/bengali-hate-speech-dataset/code
Context
This dataset contains 30k Bengali comments collected from Facebook and YouTube. It has 10k hate speech and 20k Non hate speech comments.

Content
This dataset contains the following fields:

Sentence: comments collected from Facebook and YouTube
Hate: if the comment is hated, it is labelled as 1, other wise 0.
Category: They type of original post. If the comment is found under a sports video, it's category is labelled as 'sports'
Acknowledgements
For more information you can read the official paper

Citation: Romim, N., Ahmed, M., Talukder, H., & Islam, M. S. (2020). Hate Speech detection in the Bengali language: A dataset and its baseline evaluation. arXiv preprint arXiv:2012.09686.

english:
Contributions
Dataset curated by @ck37, @pssachdeva, et al.

References
Kennedy, C. J., Bacon, G., Sahn, A., & von Vacano, C. (2020). Constructing interval variables via faceted Rasch measurement and multitask deep learning: a hate speech application. arXiv preprint arXiv:2009.10277.

Pratik Sachdeva, Renata Barreto, Geoff Bacon, Alexander Sahn, Claudia von Vacano, and Chris Kennedy. 2022. The Measuring Hate Speech Corpus: Leveraging Rasch Measurement Theory for Data Perspectivism. In Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Perspectivist Approaches to NLP @LREC2022, pages 83–94, Marseille, France. European Language Resources Association.
Dataset card for Measuring Hate Speech
This is a public release of the dataset described in Kennedy et al. (2020) and Sachdeva et al. (2022), consisting of 39,565 comments annotated by 7,912 annotators, for 135,556 combined rows. The primary outcome variable is the "hate speech score" but the 10 constituent ordinal labels (sentiment, (dis)respect, insult, humiliation, inferior status, violence, dehumanization, genocide, attack/defense, hate speech benchmark) can also be treated as outcomes. Includes 8 target identity groups (race/ethnicity, religion, national origin/citizenship, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, political ideology) and 42 target identity subgroups, as well as 6 annotator demographics and 40 subgroups. The hate speech score incorporates an IRT adjustment by estimating variation in annotator interpretation of the labeling guidelines.

This dataset card is a work in progress and will be improved over time.